# Mining-Social-Media-for-Extracting-Best-Answers
Internet is a global wide area network that connects computer systems across the world that which provides a variety of information and communication facilities. In internet social media plays an important role to ease the data transfer between people related to different fields and personal information. The pervasive use of social media (e.g., Facebook, Stack Exchange, and Wikipedia) is providing unprecedented amounts of social data. Data mining techniques have been widely used to extract knowledge from such data, e.g., community detection and sentimen analysis. However, there is still much space to explore in terms of the event data (i.e., events with timestamps), such as posting a question, commenting on a tweet, and editing a Wikipedia article. These events reflect user's behavior patterns and operational processes in the media sites. Classical process mining techniques support to discover insights from event data generated by structured business processes. However, they fail to deal with the social media data which are from more flexible “media”' processes and contain one-to-many and many-to-many relations. To overcome these, process models are mined to describe users' behavior patterns using process mining techniques like profiling and process discovery along with Object-centric behavioral constraint model which helps to understand the user behavior. Conformance checking and performance are analyzed to detect the deviations and bottlenecks in the question and answer process. By using this we extract most liked answers given for a question in similar website like Stack Exchange, and provide useful insights on the time perspective.

#Software Requirements:

Programming langugae: Java
Database: Oracle
Server: Tomcat

